Hi, guys.
Walker in this lecture organized for the GSA meets package.
But before then, head up to pop, dot dev.
And over here, we're going to need to search for GSC, MIT.
Okay.
Session And it's going to take some time based on your network condition.
Then they're going to click on this first link over here.
Okay.
Now you can see what he does over here.
You can see that cement plug in for floating supports, hundred hours and web platforms.
Get Submit is an open source JavaScript application that uses jetski video bridge to provide high quality,
secure and scalable video conference.
Okay, so by using jetsam package, they're going to have access to lots of features.
The popular Zoom application has, if that's all fuchsia.
Okay.
So now all we can do is to copy the code and then head up to our pub deck.
But before that, we can just make sure we stop our hub from running it.
Because outside of this package, we're going to need to do some configurations.
Okay, now we can.
Okay, we can.
Then go to the pub spec that he fly.
Sorry.
I think I called it pub the dev.
No.
Okay.
So what we can do now is to.
Right after.
Okay.
I think.
Okay, this is going to do this over here.
Okay.
So right after the Google signing, we can do this and use contra and necessary in order to get this
package that he can see.
Okay.
Now, because you start to run this app, you're going to get in there because there are some configurations
we need to do.
And so I'm going to do that in in this lecture.
Okay, guys, see you in a nest lecture.